Add AUDITLOG_TRUNCATE_CHANGES_DISPLAY and AUDITLOG_TRUNCATE_LIMIT (#684)
jazzband/django-auditlog: docs/source/usage.rst

.. versionadded:: 3.0.0

**AUDITLOG_CHANGE_DISPLAY_TRUNCATE_LENGTH**

> Number of characters at which strings in `changes_display_dict` property should be truncated if length exceeded
> 
> Set to 140 by default.
> 
> You can use this settings to preserve the strings by set it to a negative number.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration variable defines the truncation behavior for strings in `changes_display_dict`, with a default value of `140` characters.

0: The entire string is truncated, resulting in an empty output.
Positive values (e.g., 5): Truncates the string, keeping only the specified number of characters followed by an ellipsis (...) after the limit.
Negative values: No truncation occurs, and the full string is displayed.

.. versionadded:: 3.1.0

```
